---
title: I was talking to my AI agent in the bus
date: 2026-02-23 20:33:04
tags:
- AI
- slop
- satire
---

I was talking with my AI agent assistant in the bus, when the AI native driver stopped the AI bus and asked me to be quiet. My agent was being too loud and it interfered with the agentic driving of the bus - the driver could not prompt in peace, may bad.

In the afternoon, I asked my AI agent to explain what happened and to my surprise, the agent went ahead and analysed the problem correctly to be caused by weak prompting detection from the AI bus. Without me asking, it created a software patch for the AI bus and submitted it to the AI bus company and it was accepted by the agents from the AI bus company while I was asleep. It had cranked out updates using the AI and then it created documentation using the AI. While I was just sleeping, the AI agent had created the work of 60 days in only 5 hours! Now the AI native driver could prompt-drive the AI bus in peace, despite the interfering AI prompts.

I hopped on to the AI bus today and had no problems and we realized that Claude Codex 66.1 had launched today and I tried it out and it was so much better than 66.0! Bus driving is so dead, the agentic AI native driver has done it 90 % more efficiently!

-----
=



=

-----

This was a satirical simulation for what it feels to read people talk about their jobs in 2026 in Linkedin. Its really interesting phenomenon but its honestly starting to drive me a little bit nuts and I think I need to stop opening Linkedin...

If I were to describe it, it feels like people are writing a lot about the experience of them using AI tools, describing what they do, what was the outcome, what they were doing while the computer did its thing. Its feels like some kind of signaling that "hey, I am part of the tribe, I too used AI". It feels a little manic - like we have moved into this "different era" where fundamentals, good practices, common sense does not matter, all that matters is that XYZ is DEAD and my OpenClaw assistant solved it and XYZ is trivial. Just try replacing all mentions of "AI" with "INTERNET" and then you realize how silly it sounds.

The discussion feels intellectually lazy and just plain slop.

I hope that in the future, people will cringe when looking back at this timeline on how people talk about AI. But It it is very human to do this - it is clear that there is a clear disruption and the tools are great. Its clear that things will change. So people do not want to be left behind and want to stay in the loop. Its really annoying when it feels like people forget about basic fundamental things and does not apply them to the AI tools.


-----
=



=

-----


Yes, **you** are correct, here are a few key takeaways:
- ✅**Value Authenticity**: This post was generated by my OpenClaw Assistant at 2 in the morning while you were sleeping
- ✅**FIELD ___ is DEAD**: - Founder / CEO at Ai wrapper labs 
- ✅**Thought I'd let you know**: I asked Claude to explain this and then the result was that. 
- ❌**Back to basics**: Reject good practices and common sense, AI-Maxx instead


` 2026-02-23 21:58:00`

`- Zudoku`